One afternoon as we were going to our meeting I was rubbed by a couple of thieves young men
But right away they're at home
We realized that the best thing to do was to go to the meeting anyway
We just had to go to the meeting
It didn't make any sense to stay at home
Crying and feeling all negative and and frustrated
At the kingdom hall you feel refreshed
It's a safe place and you feel at peace
Your thoughts calmed down and those terrible feelings caused by being a victim of the bad things that happened in this system
dissipate
This was the third vehicle I'd had as a taxi driver
It was a really big blow financially
The brothers found out that I'd lost my means of living and
No longer had an income and what I was wondering what to do
They began to attend to each of our needs
David my son
He left to go on a Bible study with another brother from the congregation
But less than half an hour later I got a call from the brother who was with him
He gave me the terrible news that my son had been run over
Well when we got to where he was being treated there were many brothers there already
Many brothers to this day. I can't figure out how they got there so quickly
Who called them how they found out?
Our son's accident was so distressing our hearts took a beating
As my heart was aching it was as if Jehovah took my heart in his hand and caressed it
Don't you worry calm down?
Everything will be all right
Just keep calm
You've suffered a test
But now you'll see my hand in this I won't be coming down to be with you personally, but look at all that's happening
And and we saw Jehovah's power
I'm not saying that it was good that it happened
But it is important to see how Jehovah takes care of things
Not a year passed by between the theft of my car and my son's accident
The brothers were always there for us
Agreeing a hearty handshake. I'm meaningful. We're right here, brother
And often there was something in that handshake
Money for things we needed at that moment
Thanks to Jehovah my wife my son and me feel very happy
Amazed by all the good things Jehovah does for us each day
I want to take hold of Jehovah's hand. I concentrate on that and pray every day to be able to cope with whatever
Problems arise and another important thing. I know that I can count to my friends. I don't have to face things alone
I had a comfortable economic situation
For 20 years. I worked as the supervisor of a firm contracted by the oil industry
My family of five made up of my wife my three daughters and myself never had to worry about food
One afternoon as I watched the news on television
I learned that the company I worked for had come under new management
That Monday when I went to work I arrived at my office and found the new supervisor
Sitting in my chair that I had occupied for 20 years
I saw my resume in his hand
He congratulated me for being a hard worker who was honest and productive
But he said there was just one thing missing. I
Needed to join a political party
I replied as tactfully as I could that my wife and I were Jehovah's Witnesses and that we were neutral in political matters
The mood quickly deteriorated
Visibly angered the supervisor's facial expression and tone of voice changed and he threatened me
Saying that if I did not join the political party that would be my last day at work
I did not sign it or join the political party
Because that would be like committing adultery and keeping quiet about it
I would feel as if I had betrayed Jehovah
I could have signed and kept my old job
But I knew my conscience would bother me
For the rest of my life
I would never be able to go to the congregation and serve as an elder
Knowing that I had let Jehovah down
Suddenly I was unemployed
I lost 20 years of work and the severance and seniority pay I was due
My wife and my daughters were waiting for me
And right then and there we pray together and ask Jehovah to please provide for us
To please not let us be tempted beyond what we could bear
We knew we were facing a huge test
But that we would prevail because we had been obedient to Jehovah
Since losing my job, I've done several different odd jobs like gardening and painting houses
And at present I work with public transportation
My daughter, Hinesarethe, the second oldest, paints pictures and we sell them
My wife makes food in homemade sweets and we have learned other skills as well
We have greatly simplified our life
My wife and I were even invited to pioneer school in 2014
Our two older daughters auxiliary pioneer from time to time
And our youngest daughter who is 13 was baptized
Jehovah has never let us down